House Speaker Nancy Pelosi
(202) 225 - 4965
​Hi! My name is ______ and I am a student from the state of Washington. I'm calling to ask Speaker Pelosi to commit to bringing up more climate legislation in the House. May I please speak with Speaker Pelosi?
Hello Speaker Pelosi, thank you for taking the time to speak with me. I’m calling to ask you to hold your Republican colleagues accountable for denying the extreme danger of climate change. Despite overwhelming evidence and consensus among scientists, they continue to pretend that human-driven climate change is nonexistent or just weather. I recognize that you don't want to bring up legislation that will likely be voted down in the Senate, but if we don't attempt to end Climate Change now it is likely that we will be put on a path that we can not turn back on. Please spend more time focusing on ending climate change, especially given your power in the house. We have 12 years, just 12 years, to make major changes before global warming becomes devastating, killing millions upon millions of people. Who will be living in this future? American citizens. Your children. Please, get your head out of the ground and get moving towards reform that will protect our people rather than result in irreversible destruction and lost lives. <br> [Take it from here]
Would you be able to take a message for me? Thanks. <br> I’m calling to ask you to hold your Republican colleagues accountable for denying the extreme danger of climate change. Despite overwhelming evidence and consensus among scientists, they continue to pretend that human-driven climate change is nonexistent or just weather. I recognize that you don't want to bring up legislation that will likely be voted down in the Senate, but if we don't attempt to end Climate Change now it is likely that we will be put on a path that we can not turn back on. Please spend more time focusing on ending climate change, especially given your power in the house.We have 12 years, just 12 years, to make major changes before global warming becomes devastating, killing millions upon millions of people. Who will be living in this future? American citizens. Your children. Please, get your head out of the ground and get moving towards reform that will protect our people rather than result in irreversible destruction and lost lives.
http://climatestrike.weebly.com/uploads/9/0/3/0/90300383/editor/190312-nancy-pelosi-mn-0850-423a91c65080a5d987582f064f34cc83-fit-760w.jpg?1552536068 